gh-95231: Disable md5 & crypt modules if FIPS is enabled (#94742)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-07-25-15-45-06.gh-issue-95231.i807-g.rst

If kernel fips is enabled, we get permission error upon doing import crypt.

> So, if kernel fips is enabled, disable the unallowed hashing methods.

Reviewer: Please update the NEWS entry to more accurately reflect the change. You may mention FIPS as a case where EPERM is triggered.

> Fail gracefully if :data:`~errno.EPROM` or :data:`~errno.ENOSYS` is raised when loading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fail gracefully if :data:`~errno.EPERM` or :data:`~errno.ENOSYS` is raised when loading
```

> Handle EPERM errors gracefully in Lib/crypt.py
> One of the scenarios we hit this condition is when kernel fips is enabled
> and trying to use md5 from crypt module.

Reviewer: How about this? cc. @tiran 

```suggestion
Fail gracefully if :data:`~errno.EPROM` or :data:`~errno.ENOSYS` is raised when loading
:mod:`crypt` methods. This may happen when trying to load ``MD5`` on a Linux kernel
with :abbr:`FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard)` enabled.
```
